Amazon Web Services was the first
to market with a modern cloud
infrastructure service when it
launched Elastic Compute Cloud in 2006.
Cloud infrastructure environments involve
banks of servers hosted in data centers
that are distributed across the world.
Software running on these servers allows
customers to use portions of them using a
cloud providers hosted web applications.
These datacenters are often highly
competitive in terms of resource
efficiency and server availability.
As cloud providers tend only to
charge for services used in products
often scale according to demand,
it is a tip.
It is typical that they are able to
provide a better quality of service
for business applications than on
site servers for a reduced cost.
Cloud services are a further technological
innovation that has greatly reduced
overheads for application development.
Doe hosting applications of
production quality is a role that
comes with some responsibility.
All of the server layers of the learning
at 80 platform are provided by cloud
services with data centers located in London.